[Rules] Add Origin Rules (beta) (#4707)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/rules/origin-rules/features.md

---
title: Available features
pcx-content-type: concept
weight: 2
meta:
  title: Available Origin Rules features
---

# Available features

The following sections describe the features currently supported by Origin Rules.

## Host Header Override

This feature allows you to rewrite the HTTP `Host` header of incoming requests.

> A common use case for this functionality is when your content is hosted on an a third-party server that only accepts `Host` headers with their own server names. In this situation, you must update the `Host` HTTP header in incoming requests from `Host: example.com` to `Host: thirdpartyserver.example.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case for this functionality is when your content is hosted on a third-party server that only accepts `Host` headers with their own server names. In this situation, you must update the `Host` HTTP header in incoming requests from `Host: example.com` to `Host: thirdpartyserver.example.net`.
```

Author: Great catch!

{{</Aside>}}

## Resolve Override

This feature allows you to override the resolved hostname of incoming requests.

A common use case for this functionality is when you are serving an application from the URI (for example, `mydomain.com/app`). In this case, the `app` may be hosted on a different server or by a third party. Resolve Override allows you to redirect requests to this endpoint to the server for that third-party application.

You must specify a valid hostname in a Resolve Override that is either:

* A hostname on the same Cloudflare account (possibly on a different zone).
* A hostname for which Cloudflare is not proxying traffic (gray-clouded).

## Destination Port Override

This feature allows you to override the destination port of a request.

When you configure Destination Port Override, you can redirect incoming requests to a different port. For example, you could override the destination port for requests received for `mydomain.com` so that they are served by the application running on port 9000 (`mydomain.com:9000`).

> The destination port must be between 1 and 65535.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The destination port must be between 1 and 65,535.
```

Reviewer: Our style guide mentions we should add commas for numbers with more than 3 digits
